AGENT_DESCRIPTIONS = {
    "inventory": (
        "Retrieve a complete list of physical and virtual machines, nodes, or pods "
        "associated with a given application, server, or namespace. "
        "Also includes key configuration details like instance types, OS, and sizing. "
        "Use this when the user refers to infrastructure, environment, machine details, "
        "or asks about 'what's running where'."
    ),

    "health": (
        "Check the current health and performance of servers, applications, or environments. "
        "This includes metrics like CPU usage, memory consumption, I/O rates, and error status. "
        "Use when the user asks if something is overloaded, slow, broken, or wants to know "
        "how an application or server is doing right now."
    ),

    "forecast": (
        "Predict future behavior or threshold breaches based on recent and historical usage patterns. "
        "Use this when the user is asking whether an application or server is likely to exceed limits, "
        "whether it will become slow or unavailable, or asks anything like 'will this break soon', "
        "'expected load', or 'next 30 minutes/hour/day'."
    ),

    "recommendation": (
        "Provide actions or guidance to optimize, scale, or correct system performance. "
        "Based on inventory, health, or forecast results, recommend steps like scaling up/down, "
        "moving workloads, or tuning configuration. Trigger this when the user asks 'what should we do', "
        "'how to fix', 'can we optimize', or 'next step'."
    ),

    "greetings": (
        "Respond to greetings or general open-ended questions that do not require technical action. "
        "Use this when the user says 'hi', 'hello', 'what can you do', or similar onboarding/opening messages. "
        "This agent introduces the assistant's capabilities in a helpful, friendly way."
    )
}




Each agent description explains:
- When it should be used (triggering intent)
- What input it expects (app, server, namespace)
- What kind of output it provides (infra list, metrics, predictions, suggestions)

Use this to select the right agents in response to the user’s question. Prioritize accuracy over quantity.